README.md, before:

# Springboard Data Science Submissions

*Submissions for Springboard Data Science curriculum.*

## Contents

| Unit | Name, link | Description | Status |
|---------|-------|-------|----------|
| 4.3 | [London Calling!](/4.3%20London%20Calling!/Unit%204%20Challenge%20-%20Tier%203.ipynb) | London Housing Case Study  | ✔️ |
| 6 | [Guided Capstone](https://github.com/NBPub/DataScienceGuidedCapstone) | *First Capstone*<br>Data Science Method (DSM) exercise, contained in external repository. Seven submissions in total. | ✔️ |
| 7.2 | [API Mini-Project](/7.2.5%20API%20Mini-Project/api_data_wrangling_mini_project.ipynb) | Last assignment for **Data Wrangling** portion, **7.2** of the DSM | *submitted*  |
| 7.4 | [Nasa Meteorites Report](/7.4.2%20Meteorites/meteorites.ipynb) | Notebook example showing use of [ydata-profiling](https://ydata-profiling.ydata.ai/docs/master/pages/getting_started/quickstart.html) to generate reports from `DataFrames`, part of **7.4 - Data Defintions**. Example HTML reports contained in folder. | ✔️ |
| 8.3 | [SQL Case Study](/8.3.3%20SQL%20Case%20Study/SQL_Country_Club.ipynb) | SQL wrap up using country club facility / booking / member data. *Issues with Springboard's PHPMyAdmin server*  | ✔️ |
|   |   |   |   |

**Resources**
 - [Python Data Science Notebook](https://github.com/jakevdp/PythonDataScienceHandbook)

## Capstone Two

| Unit | Name, link | Description | Status |
|---------|-------|-------|----------|
| 7.1 | [Project Proposal](/Capstone%Two/---.pdf) | Final PDF of proposal after discussion and approval. Project ideas not uploaded to repository folder.  | **TBD** |
| 7.6 | [Data Wrangling](/Capstone%Two/---.ipynb) | Notebook containing initial data cleaning steps and descriptions.  |  |
| 11.5 | [Exploratory Data Analysis](/Capstone%Two/---.ipynb) | Notebook containing initial data exploration steps and descriptions.  |  |
| 16.3 | [Pre-processing and Training](/Capstone%Two/---.ipynb) | Notebook containing initial data pre-processing and model training steps and descriptions.  |  |
| 18.3 | [Modeling](/Capstone%Two/---.ipynb) | Notebook containing initial modeling steps and descriptions.  |  |
| 20.4 | [Final Report](/Capstone%Two/Report/) | Model metrics file, report document, slide deck for *Capstone Two* presentation. Brief summary in [Readme]().  |  |

## Capstone Three

Commit message:

added unit 11 case studies, preparing to submit 11.1, continued work on Capstone Two

README.md, after:

# Springboard Data Science Submissions

*Submissions for Springboard Data Science curriculum.*

## Contents

| Unit | Name, link | Description | Status |
|---------|-------|-------|----------|
| 4.3 | [London Calling!](/4.3%20London%20Calling!/Unit%204%20Challenge%20-%20Tier%203.ipynb) | London Housing Case Study  | ✔️ |
| 6 | [Guided Capstone](https://github.com/NBPub/DataScienceGuidedCapstone) | *First Capstone*<br>Data Science Method (DSM) exercise, contained in external repository. Seven submissions in total. | ✔️ |
| 7.2 | [API Mini-Project](/7.2.5%20API%20Mini-Project/api_data_wrangling_mini_project.ipynb) | Last assignment for **Data Wrangling** portion, **7.2** of the DSM | ✔️ |
| 7.4 | [Nasa Meteorites Report](/7.4.2%20Meteorites/meteorites.ipynb) | Notebook example showing use of [ydata-profiling](https://ydata-profiling.ydata.ai/docs/master/pages/getting_started/quickstart.html) to generate reports from `DataFrames`, part of **7.4 - Data Defintions**. Example HTML reports contained in folder. | ✔️ |
| 8.3 | [SQL Case Study](/8.3.3%20SQL%20Case%20Study/SQL_Country_Club.ipynb) | SQL wrap up using country club facility / booking / member data. *Issues with Springboard's PHPMyAdmin server*  | ✔️ |
| 11.1 | **Frequentist Inference Case Study** [Part A](/11.1%20Statistical%20Inference/Frequentist%20Inference%20Case%20Study%20-%20Part%20A.ipynb) | [Part B](/11.1%20Statistical%20Inference/Frequentist%20Inference%20Case%20Study%20-%20Part%20B.ipynb)  | Statisical inference exercises. Introduction to [scipy](https://docs.scipy.org/doc/scipy/index.html) package.  | *submitted* x 2  |
| 11.3 | [Hypothesis Testing - Integrating Apps](/11.3%20Hypothesis%20Testing/Case%20Study_Integrating%20Apps%20-%20Tier%203.ipynb)  | Case study were user reviews from *X* better than for *Y*? | *in progress*  |
| 11.4 | [Linear Regression - Red Wine](/11.4%20Modeling_LinReg/Regression%20Case%20Study%20-%20Red%20Wine%20-%20Tier%203.ipynb) | Case study using a Kaggle wine dataset for regression practice.  | *in progress*  |

**Resources**
 - [Python Data Science Notebook](https://github.com/jakevdp/PythonDataScienceHandbook)
 - [My notes from the book](/10.1%20StatBookNotes)
   - [LI Learning stats notes](/10.1%20StatBookNotes/LI_Learning_notes.md)

## Capstone Two

| Unit | Name, link | Description | Status |
|---------|-------|-------|----------|
| 7.1 | [Project Proposal](/Capstone%Two/---.pdf) | Final PDF of proposal after discussion and approval. Project ideas not uploaded to repository folder.  | **TBD** |
| 7.6 | [Data Wrangling](/Capstone%Two/---.ipynb) | Notebook containing initial data cleaning steps and descriptions.  |  |
| 11.5 | [Exploratory Data Analysis](/Capstone%Two/---.ipynb) | Notebook containing initial data exploration steps and descriptions.  |  |
| 16.3 | [Pre-processing and Training](/Capstone%Two/---.ipynb) | Notebook containing initial data pre-processing and model training steps and descriptions.  |  |
| 18.3 | [Modeling](/Capstone%Two/---.ipynb) | Notebook containing initial modeling steps and descriptions.  |  |
| 20.4 | [Final Report](/Capstone%Two/Report/) | Model metrics file, report document, slide deck for *Capstone Two* presentation. Brief summary in [Readme]().  |  |

## Capstone Three
